#2 Make previous identity endorsement fetching robust to the ledger gaps (#7922)
microsoft/CCF: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- JSON parsing can now reject inputs whose object/array nesting depth exceeds a certain value, defaulting to 64 levels and overridable per call site via `ccf::parse_json_safe`'s `max_depth` parameter (#7896).

> - `NetworkIdentitySubsystem` retries are now bounded by a new optional `identity_history_fetch` node config (`max_attempts`, `retry_interval`); on exhaustion the subsystem settles in a new terminal `FetchStatus::Partial`; validated suffix is served, historical receipts below it return an error instead of looping at HTTP 202 (#7913).

Reviewer: Suggested rewording: fix the PR reference (this PR is #7922, not #7913), clarify it is a node startup config, surface the defaults, and call out that the chain-extension retry interval previously hardcoded to 100ms now also follows `retry_interval`.

```suggestion
- `NetworkIdentitySubsystem` retries when walking the previous-identity endorsement chain are now bounded by a new optional `identity_history_fetch` node startup config (`max_attempts`, defaulting to 60; `retry_interval`, defaulting to 1000ms). On exhaustion the subsystem transitions to a new terminal `FetchStatus::Partial`: the validated suffix of the chain continues to be served, but historical receipts requesting seqnos below the suffix now return an error instead of looping at HTTP 202. Note that the chain-extension retry interval previously hardcoded to 100ms now also follows `retry_interval` (#7922).
```

Reviewer: The mention of 202 is incorrect, the historical adapter would throw when fetching is incomplete, how each app handled that is unrelated, we should not bring it up.

> - `NetworkIdentitySubsystem` retries when walking the previous-identity endorsement chain are now bounded by a new optional `identity_history_fetch` node startup config (`max_attempts`, `retry_interval`). On exhaustion the subsystem transitions to a new terminal `FetchStatus::Partial`: the validated suffix of the chain is still served, but historical receipts for seqnos below it fail with an error. The chain-extension retry interval, previously hardcoded, now also follows `retry_interval` (#7922).

Reviewer: The current line covers the chain-walk budget but the wording is slightly off and omits a related behaviour change that operators will notice.

Two things:

1. **Chain-extension interval is not a behaviour change**, it was already `100ms` hardcoded (the old `retry_fetch_next` constant) and the new default is also `100ms`. So "The chain-extension retry interval, previously hardcoded, now also follows `retry_interval`" describes a config-surface change, not a runtime-behaviour change. Easy to misread today.

2. **Pre-bootstrap waits did change**, and aren'''t mentioned. The old `retry_first_fetch` used a hardcoded `1s` between polls of `is_part_of_network` / current-service-txid / current-endorsement. Those now poll on `retry_interval` too (default `100ms`) -- a 10x increase in polling frequency on every node start. Worth one sentence so operators don'''t see it as an unannounced regression.

Suggested rewrite:

```suggestion
- `NetworkIdentitySubsystem` retries when walking the previous-identity endorsement chain are now bounded by a new optional `identity_history_fetch` node startup config (`max_attempts`, `retry_interval`). On exhaustion the subsystem transitions to a new terminal `FetchStatus::Partial`: the validated suffix of the chain is still served, but historical receipts for seqnos below it fail with an error. Both the chain-extension retries and the pre-bootstrap waits (for the node to join the network, for the service-create txid, and for the first endorsement entry) now poll at `retry_interval` (default `100ms`); the pre-bootstrap polling interval was previously hardcoded to `1s` (#7922).
```
